hey there everybody it is Matt here with
a THX leads and this video is going to
be about the four ad funnels that I
think you should know about if you run a
marketing agency a B2B business any of
that kind of stuff so I'm going to zoom
in on the a th000 x leads funnel here
and just talk about ads a little bit so
ads are the one of the four main ways
that we can realistically acquire
customers alongside content alongside
out reach alongside Partnerships and
then pay ads everything that we can
really do as an agency or a B2B business
is going to fall into one of these four
main buckets and I'm not going to go
over the content or the Outreach of the
Partnerships too much in this video I'm
just going to go through the ads and
there's going to be four types of AD
funnels and I'm going to go through each
and I'm going to go through situation or
two where we might use each of these ad
funnels so if you'll notice here we have
ads right here we could send paid ads to
lead magnets and down through our email
flows and stuff like that we could send
paid ads to a digital product and then
we could also send paid ads to any kind
of vssl or webinar or Community or
anything like that so we have different
options and before I like really get
into it don't really let me or anyone
else tell you like what the best ad
funnel is the best ad funnel is the one
that's going to get you the most
customers at the lowest cost per
acquisition that's like the reality of
it so I have my own preferences but
that's what works for me and there's a
few differences between the ad funnels
so I made some pictures down here so
let's zoom out a little bit because you
can't really see that so the first is
going to be the webinar svsl funnel
whether you're going to do like a
pre-recorded or live webinar setup
versus just have a vssl on your page P
like this is a very valid type of AD
funnel so usually what this will go to
either add to lead magnet such as you
know sign up for my top five tips to
acquire more customers that would kind
of be the lead magnet sign up for the
email get redirected to the thank you
page the thank you page will have the
vssl on it or redirect them to the
webinar and then they're going to be you
know kind of converted or you know
pushed along the funnel through the
direct signup as like if they're just
going to view it right then and there
like that's fine but it's also going to
be in the emails the appointment setter
is going to do it the it might be in the
link in the bio in the description of
the content and then you might also have
some ads either you know prospecting ads
or retargeting ads all to get to the
vssl or the webinar and then that will
sell a productized or intro offer you
will hopefully do a good job on that and
then it's going to go and upsell them to
your main recurring service that's
realistically how it would work and
these are best when you have a specific
training or case study or presentation
that you show people to convince them to
buy from you if you're just someone who
can make a great vssl or great training
or great case study this might be a good
option for you like typically the goal
of this is to get them to book a call
and the webinar the vssl is kind of what
pushes them over the finish line and
gives them enough information to do that
so here's an example of a pretty good
one business called
digpal I think they do you know fashion
brands based on what they see here so if
you click on the ad like their ad is
basically a vssl type ad if you go to
their landing page you know here is a
vssl in the vssl webinar funnel and
there's the book A call button and then
just a matter of how cheap can we get
calls and then what do we convert them
at so in my experience in my opinion
like you don't really want to assume
you're going to get more than 20% of
booked calls to close and that does take
into account people who don't show up
people who are just not qualified all
that kind of stuff because when you're
doing this or any AD funnel the webinar
or vsl the cold traffic is not going to
convert like a referral would and a lot
of people who don't do ads I kind of
don't understand that and expect it to
and I'm here to tell you that it won't
so it's normal if you think you have
like a 70% close rate from referrals you
very might you very well might when you
get to ads that's going to go down
significantly it's just important to
know that so you don't think something
is wrong the that's the con of running
ad funnels but the pro is you can scale
it infinitely if your ads and your
landing page and your offer are good
enough so very nice the next is my
personal favorite and this is again what
works best for me and it's a newsletter
funnel so the purpose is to have ads to
get people to sign up for your
newsletter as cheap as possible and then
you might get them into a
co-registration popup which is beyond
the scope of this video but we'll just
move on on your thank you page you make
them aware of your offer and then you
send them a newsletter three to five
times per
week and then maybe try to get them to a
webinar or something like that or get
them to book a call and then the same
productized or intro offer do a good job
and then upsell so a agency called pilot
host does this really well they own D
Toc newsletter direct to Consumer
newsletter and
basically they are a creative agency
that sells pretty high ticket I guess or
higher ticket than normal and the
newsletter funnels great if you have
either a high price service with a
longer sales cycle or on the very like
other end of the spectrum like let's say
you are uh what would be a good example
you you're like a cyber security firm
who like cleans up people's mess when
they get hacked and they just have seen
you in the newsletter instead of like oh
I I remember that from the newsletter
let me do that something like that so
what this goes is the add to a landing
page usually has a lead magnet to lower
the cost for acquisition and then inside
the newsletter you're going to see like
links to the basically the company who
owns it you if you choose this and it's
very important because I don't say this
a lot but it's a important part of the
step can I've talked about this in a lot
of my other videos so if you never
watched one of my videos before like
that's you're perfect this is important
you need to take your entire newsletter
list and put it inside like Apollo or
somewhere where you can enrich the data
and you're going to get a lot better
result if you
like get people's like get people who
are on your newsletter who have company
emails and reach out to them instead of
just passively waiting have your
appointment center reach out to that
group of people basically as if they
were just leads in your CRM and then if
you go here you can see DDC newsletters
fielded by pilot host I guess just to
prove that and then pilot host is a
performance marketing agency so that's
an example of a newsletter funnel in the
wild very nice very nice it's my
personal favorite but the thing about
the newsletter funnel that it doesn't
work for a lot of people because it only
works if you have like the entire a
thousand X leads funnel and and
obviously thousand X leads is like my
business so I call it that but you have
to have a full marketing funnel one way
or the other so a lot of the time I
don't know why my computer's being so
[__] up here a lot of the time they're
going to come in cheap for newsletter
and they're just going to die there or
they're just going to stop and then over
time you know they might start watching
your content more and download a
different lead magnet and then they
might you know do cold email and get
some kind of you know offer from it and
then they might sign up for your webinar
like people don't just sign up for your
newsletter and then like convert on the
thank you page and that's like something
you have to understand like newsletter
funnel is not going to be right for you
in my view if you don't have like every
single part of this working I'm going to
fix my computer after this it's kind of
ridiculous but it's not going to work
without that so keep in
mind the next is a group funnel and this
is the one that we use at 1,000x leads
so group funnel is great where you sell
a service where they need to like get
some tips or see some results before
they fully trust you enough to basically
join so you're running an ad to an email
and a phone number and on the thank you
page will promote the group you could
use a Facebook group you could use
really whatever but and then we want to
I have Facebook group here but you can
use whatever like when you get them to
sign up you want to have a like a SMS
flow inviting them to the group and an
email flow just to make sure they join
and then inside the group you're going
to have some content appointment Setters
retargeting ads and email flows and the
thing to understand about a group funnel
is this is the best one but only if you
put a tremendous amount of effort into
it if you just don't have time to do
that and that's valid like it's not an
excuse really if you just don't have
time to put hours per day to the group
it's going to be the worst out of these
four so if you do the best if you don't
the worst and stuff like this like if
you're a sales trainer where you need to
give them a tip or two before they like
trust you enough to buy your course or
your consulting or something like that
that's where a group funnel is very good
so at 1,000x leads we'll basically have
an opt-in page like this and then the
thank you page is going to be sign up
for our school group and then it's very
good because you can you can get their
email and phone number up here but then
you could also get more stuff here like
and enrich your data a little bit on the
membership questions and and then you
basically have to message people inside
the school if you don't message people
you don't posting it you don't have
email flows like it's not going to work
and then you sync everybody who joins
your group to your CRM kind of like this
and then you're you know there there you
go you're good to go so it's a very good
type of AD funnel but only if you put in
a tremendous amount of
effort so that's the catch the pros and
the
cons the final one I want to talk about
today is going to be the paid product
funnel and this is the best for
beginners in my view because the problem
with the other three is like you're
basically spending the ads or spending
money on the ads and hoping that it's
going to work and when you're a beginner
just getting into that like probably
going to screw it up and it's natural
right so if you want to especially if
you come from an e-commerce background
it's very good to try to sell a digital
product or something of this nature that
is like $10 to $100 with the purpose of
if you selling something for $97 and you
can get one purchase through ads for $90
you're breaking even there's no risk or
there's no delay like there is for the
other types of funnels so if you can
think of a paid product and usually like
templates are great like if you're an
email marketing agency some Emil
marketing editable templates if you're a
YouTube agency some thumbnail like
assets that you built in canva or
something so you do the ad to the sales
page try to get some upsells in there to
get a 100 plus aov 100 plus aov just to
basically give you enough margin or room
for error when you're first starting
with your ads to you know get that cost
per purchase that's break even on ad
spend usually like if you heard the term
self liquidating offer like if you're
selling something for $20 it's going to
be hard to get $20 per purchase on your
ad spend but if you're selling something
for 97 or something it's going to be a
lot
easier then once they buy the product
you want to make them aware of your
offer and then try to get them to
something like a pre-recorded webinar or
a vssl using an appointment setter you
know content ads like I saw you signed
up for my email marketing templates I
have an agency that you know does that
probably put it a little bit more
eloquently than that but I have an
agency that does that um watch my vssl
about the top five things that
e-commerce Brands need to do to double
their email Revenue something of that
nature then you have a nice product tier
intro offer and then you upsell them to
recurring so like realistically those
are the four types of AD funnels that
you can do and here's a before I get
started like here's you know 135 of the
best performing email marketing
templates here's the landing page and
then you basically just sell them it's
like this one's a lot closer to
e-commerce than the others and I feel
like based on what I've seen people who
come from an e-commerce ads background
really [__] the bed when they try to do
it for leg gen because they just think
it's the same thing it's like look at
how low my cost per lead is but in
reality you're like capturing the lead
is the easy part it's what comes after
the offer the email flows your
appointment setting your ability to
close like those things could contribute
to your ads a lot more than the cost per
lead itself so ads in the ad funnel very
good stuff very good stuff um lots of
different ways that we can go about it
hope this video was helpful and I'll see
you in the next one